= watirloo

* Watirloo, a Watir Framework and Helper based on Page Objects Modeling
* http://watirloo.testr.us/

== DESCRIPTION:

Page Objects Modeling helper. Helps you design tests expressing DOM elements and groups of elements 
on the page as Semantic Page Objects rather than their DOM implementations.
It is not a DSL but it helps you write human readable tests and hooks them up 
to Watir browsers for implementation

Give it a try. You will like it.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* everything is a Test Object. 
* Pages contain faces; page objects that are named with semantic intent
* write tests based on usecase flow.

== SYNOPSIS:

  Given a page with text fields for last name and first name
  we want to enter name 'Kurt Vonnegut'
  
  page = Watirloo::Page.new
  page.add_face :last => [:text_field, :name, 'l_nm'],
  	:first => [:text_field, :name, 'f_nm']
  page.last.set "Vonnegut"
  page.first.set "Kurt"

  or create a wrapper method that delegates to the browser
  
  class Person < Watirloo::Page
    def last
      @b.text_field(:name, 'lnm')
    end
    def first
      @b.text_field(:name, 'fnm')
    end
  end
  
  or define hash where keys will match the defined faces to be set
  params = {:first => 'Kurt', :last => 'Vonnegut'}
  page = Watirloo::Page.new.spray params
  
  or pass page cofiguration in the block at page creation
  
  page = Person.new do
    last.set 'Vonnegut'
    first.set 'Kurt'
  end
 
  Watirloo, a never ending fun with Semantic Test Intentions
  
== REQUIREMENTS:

* watir >= 1.6.2 runs on IE by default
* firewatir >= 1.6.2 if you want to use Firefox
* test/spec gem if you want to run tests
* newgem and hoe for dev

== INSTALL:

* gem install watirloo

=== ROADMAP

Towards version 0.0.2

* make Watirloo agnostic to browser IE or Firefox or Safari
* make tests run on IE, Firefox, Safari with the same interface
* create radio_group to behave like select list and checkbox_group like multi select list
* build UseCase class as template for scenario based execution of tests for exploratory testing

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 marekj

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

